What is k8s:
    Container orchistration framework that manages containers (Docker)
    Managed in physical, virutal, or cloud envs
    Became popular because of microservices

Features:
    High Availability: Zero downtime
    Scalability: Apps can be scaled up/down depending on load
    Disaster Recovery: Backups for cases where nodes die

Architecture:
    Master Node: 
        Main K8s process.
        API Server: A container that is the entry point to the k8s cluster. Process different kubernetes clients will talk to
        Controller Manager: Keeps an overview of the cluster IE: if a container needs to be restarted etc.
        Schedular: Responsible for scheduling containers on worker nodes based on workload and available server
            resources on each node.
        ETCD: Backup for the cluster using key value storage in case anything goes wrong. Holds config data, state, ETC.
        Virtual Network: Enables all nodes to talk to each other. Spans all the nodes that are part of cluster.
            Turns all nodes in cluster into one machine that has the sum of all resources of individual nodes.
    Worker Nodes:
        Have kubelet process running on each node that allows clusters to communicate with each other.
        Where the applications are running like docker containers.

Components:
    Node: Server physical/virtual machine
        Pod: Abstraction over a container. Creates a running env (layer) on top of the container. 1 application per pod.
            k8s offers its own virtual network where each pod gets its own IP. Pods can talk to each other
            through the IP which is internal. Pods get a new IP on re creation. Due to this we have Service/Ingress.
        Service: Permanent IP address that can be attached to each pod. Is also a LoadBalancer.
        Ingress: The request goes to ingress and forwards it to the service.
        ConfigMap: External configuration of your app. Contains configs like DB_USER, URLS, ETC. This is connected to the pod.
        Secrets: This contains secrets like DB_PASSWORD usually stored as bas64. Secrets are not encrypted so you need to handle that.
            You can use the data in ConfigMap/Secrets as ENVs in your app.
        Volumes: Allows for persistance of data. Attaches a physical storage on a harddrive to your pod on your local machine
            or remote storage (cloud storage). This is external to the k8s cluster. k8s does NOT manage data persistance.
        Distributed Systems: Replicate all the pods on multiple servers.
        Deployment: A bluePrint of the pods. Specify replica sets of pods. Abstraction on top of pods.
            Database cannot be replicated through deployment because DB has state and each replica would have its own state.
        StateFulSet: Specific for apps like DBS this allows management of replicas of DBs. 
            Deployment is not easy so Dbs should outside of cluster.

How to create pods/services:
    K8S Configuration: All configuration goes through the master node with a process called API Server.
        Every config file has 3 parts (MetaData, Specs, Status (automatically created/managed by k8s))
        Status of the pod comes from ETCD.

ConfigMap && Secrets need to be created before deployments       
